External logging configured in CM (#4252)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/configuring/assembly-external-logging.adoc

  # ...
  logging:
    type: external
    valueFrom:
      configMapKeyRef:
        name: _customConfigMap_
        key: _keyInConfigMap_
----

With external logging, logging properties are defined in a ConfigMap.
The name of the ConfigMap is referenced in the `spec.logging.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.name` property.
The `spec.logging.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.name` and `spec.logging.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.key` properties are mandatory.

> Default logging will be used if one of `name` or `key` is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the ConfigMap is referenced in the `spec.logging.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.name` property.
Inside the ConfigMap, the logging configuration is described using `log4j.properties` or `log4j2.properties` depending on the component. The `spec.logging.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.name` and `spec.logging.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.key` properties are mandatory.
Default logging is used if the `name` or `key` is not set.
```
